[MUSIC PLAYING]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> EMERY SMITH: Today
on "Cosmic Disclosure"
we're with Sergeant Clifford
Stone who has become
a monumental figure in
the disclosure movement.
He served 22 years
in the US army
where he worked with an
elite secret group that
was dispatched to the
crash sites with orders
to recover extraterrestrial
crafts, bodies, and technology.
Sergeant Stone,
welcome to the show.
>> CLIFFORD STONE:
Thank you, sir.
It's my great pleasure
to be here today.
>> EMERY: Have you ever
participated in any
extraterrestrial
recovery missions?
>> CLIFFORD: Yes, sir, in my
entire military career events
that actually involved,
and I hate to term UFOs,
but for the sake of this
program I'm going to use UFOs.
I was involved with 12.
Actually, until I was called to
go on to a situation involving
UFOs I was a very
normal person and I
had a real job in the military.
But when something happened
and they'd come and get me,
it'd always be the same thing.
If I was at home, there'd
be a tap at the door.
I'd open the door, Ken would
be standing there and says,
the general sends his greeting,
Sergeant Stone, code word
Tabasco.
And it always remained
code word Tabasco.
We'd go ahead, grab my BA-50
bag, it was a gray one,
and it had all my
equipment that I needed.
It was already packed.
I had three changes of uniform.
I'd kiss my wife and kids
goodbye, and you'd go out.
At no time did I feel that
ETs were a threat to us.
But because we really didn't
know what we were dealing with,
and there were accidents
because of the technology--
>> EMERY: For the audience,
I think we should give a good
definition of a go bag, because
I also had to have a go bag
ready even after I left
the military, as you know,
because you still are on
this kind of reserve status,
kind of not.
Like inactive reserve, but at
the same time when they call,
you have to go.
And explain to me,
what's in your go bag.
>> CLIFFORD: Well, what I had in
there, I had a Geiger counter.
I had equipment that would
go ahead and tell us if we
had any background radiation.
I had equipment where if
there were certain debris
that we needed like
chemical analysis,
I had equipment for that.
I had what we call a MOPP suit.
That was a suit
that you'd put on
to protect you from
radiation things, this sort,
among other things.
I had my protective mask.
We had M782 masks at that time.
And like I say, three changes of
military uniform, because they
want you to change
your uniform every day,
particularly in
this type of case.
>> EMERY: Right, to keep clean.
>> CLIFFORD: Right.
And also you had
a radio, and this
was hard to describe
at the time,
but they changed it later on
because then they came out
with more better
technology, but it's
time we had what was
called a Prick 9.
>> EMERY: A Prick 9.
>> CLIFFORD: A Prick 9.
That was a radio,
real small radio
that you could wear on your
belt, and you had an earpiece.
And they wasn't all that good,
but they served the purpose.
And all that stuff
was necessary,
because once they came and
said, it's a go, you had--
normally it'd be 30 minutes.
But with us, from that time
till the time we got in the car
to go to the destination, which
we called the staging area,
we had 15 minutes.
>> EMERY: Right.
And what was that like
getting to the staging area?
>> CLIFFORD: Scary I never had
fear that our visitors would do
anything to us.
I remember one
time we had this--
we went inside this craft.
I mean it was totally
sterile, I mean
nothing was like dirt on the
floor, nothing like that.
I mean like gleaming
silver colors
inside, except for some of
the things that they had,
the switches and
things of this sort.
We went to one place and
there was these lights
and there were these gauges.
Gauges were two
dimensional, which
means it was about
like a picture,
the whole panel was green.
But they had these
circular gauges on them,
and they would move, but you'd
think they wouldn't move.
It was like a hologram, sort of.
>> EMERY: Were they inlaid
into the flat surface,
is what you're saying?
>> CLIFFORD: No, they were
like a flat surface right up
on the wall, for lack
of a better term.
But there was this place
that looked like a little--
I don't know, like where
you'd have a rather large bolt
or nut that you'd
put back there.
So I took a screw
dioramas back there
working at the direction
of the guy I always
called the colonel.
He was always in charge.
And while I was back
there moving that,
there was a soldier
standing right here.
I didn't know his
name or nothing.
But while I'm doing that,
the soldiers standing there,
all of a sudden I see like
a flash, and look over
and he's not there no more.
And I went ahead and I asked
the colonel what happened?
Where's the man that
is standing here?
And he said, Sergeant
Stone, he's gone.
That's all you need to know.
Keep continuing
with the mission.
I said, but, no, sir,
you don't understand.
He was right there.
He says, he's gone,
end of discussion.
Continue the mission.
>> EMERY: Did you
ever find out why--
>> CLIFFORD: No, I never
found out what happened.
I know what I want to believe,
what I'd like to believe.
>> EMERY: What do
you think happened?
>> CLIFFORD: I think that
something happened where he was
sent to another location,
another parallel dimension that
was along with us and somehow,
some way there was a slippage
in space time.
He went through that slippage.
>> EMERY: Do you think you
have any responsibility
in the disappearance of this
man because you were operating
on the craft?
>> CLIFFORD: Yeah,
I've always felt that.
I was the one doing something.
No one else.
Everyone else was watching.
So, yeah, you feel that
personal responsibility.
>> EMERY: Absolutely.
You have a responsibility
on these teams
that's really overwhelming
when you get there.
And these things
happen, because we're
working with some
technology that we're
kind of prodding around because
we're not familiar with it.
And many times, disasters
and tragedy can happen.
Where did this happen,
and when did it
happen when you
were on this craft,
and who shot that craft down?
>> CLIFFORD: Well, this was
in Germany, and it was 1977.
My family just got over
there and I was sent TDY.
And from the time
I was sent, that
was a secret mission
I was going on.
Actually, Department of the
Army had an Inspector General
out there who was sent
from the Pentagon.
And there were several
things going on,
because it took me a couple
of months to complete this one
period of TDY.
But I don't know if
it was shot down,
whether mechanical
difficulty brought it down.
And I have to be careful
about mechanical difficulty,
because I mean the engines
they had looked nothing
like what we had.
Can you imagine an engine
the size of a small matchbox?
>> EMERY: Absolutely.
>> CLIFFORD: And the way that
they traveled was that matchbox
was an engine that used what
we called positron drive,
what we call here, but more
sophisticated than anything
that we even begin
to comprehend.
They would traverse wormholes.
And there'd be a
slippage sometimes
when they come into
our atmosphere,
because they'd have to exit
outside of our atmosphere.
But when they come
into our atmosphere,
there sometimes
would be a slippage--
and I hate using terms
of sound science fiction,
but I have to use it, because
they're the only terms I know.
>> EMERY: Of course.
>> CLIFFORD: Slippage in
what we call space time.
And when that happens,
something can happen.
So yeah, it with
mechanical difficulties,
technical problems with
craft, but we can't put it
in the terms that we
understand the way we'd explain
a jet aircraft crashing.
But anyhow, it
was on the ground.
There was nothing that would
indicate that it was shot down.
As a matter of fact, the
Soviet Union at that time
still had orders that they would
attempt to shoot down UFOs.
Almost other countries
were no longer doing that.
They were told to observe, and
if possible, take photographs.
You had to be
careful about that.
You being in the Air
Force, you realize
when you have gun
camera footage,
you have actually
charged your guns
and the other aircraft,
even with our technology,
can very readily tell that
you have your guns on them,
they're charged, and if
you wish to engage them,
you're ready to do so,
even though you're just
taking pictures.
But that's the way I
saw it at that time.
We were like children.
And when we were
trying to do this,
there had to be
that coordination
within the country, because
we were going to take
total possession of craft.
>> EMERY: Sarge, you
said it was in Germany,
but can be more precise?
Where in Germany?
>> CLIFFORD: I was from Hanau,
but I don't really know.
They went ahead and
put me on a train.
And, of course, they wasn't
telling me where I was going.
I want to say it was
close to Stuttgart,
but I don't know how
close to Stuttgart.
>> EMERY: And what did the craft
look like from the outside,
including the inside,
but what was your first--
>> CLIFFORD: The craft looked
like a dish shaped object,
but it had protrusions on it.
That was part of the
propulsion system of the craft.
>> EMERY: Is it possible that
this craft looked this way
because it was from
another dimension,
but in this dimension
it looks a certain way?
>> CLIFFORD: Oh
it's very possible,
because the whole situation is
that some of the craft that we
came up in contact with were
not aerial dynamically sound.
And here again
with our visitors,
they can choose to
go ahead and play
with us, meaning
they can make it
so they can be seen on radar.
They can also make it where
they are cloaked from the radar.
We're working on
that right now also,
not on the technology
that is very earthly,
but on the technology that
is light years away from us,
because we have gleamed
a view of that technology
from things we have
recovered in the field, that
advanced technology.
>> EMERY: Sarge, what was
it like when you came up
to the craft, you seen this
craft, and you walked on?
What were the colors?
What was the smell like?
You know these are
things that people
with your senses, our
normal human senses
pick up many things,
especially when I've
gone on similar missions,
that's just overwhelming.
>> CLIFFORD: Well, when
I first came up on it,
and this is always the
case, you're struck by awe.
I mean, here it is.
You know no one on this
planet made that craft.
You're wondering what new
and wondrous technologies may
be aboard this craft, because
you're always thinking about,
OK, they all seem like
they are together.
But there's various
degrees of technology.
And you'd think,
OK, well they're
sharing so it's all going
to be the same technology.
It's not.
And when we got to this craft--
now the side opening was
already opened when I got there.
How that happened,
I have no idea.
But they were waiting
for me to go in there.
And the purpose of why they
wanted me to go in there
was by being a individual that
could sense the beings, I mean
it's about like you're an
old hound dog and go ahead
and smell the rabbits.
But you can sense the beings.
They had already been
picked up by their people,
because they do that.
They have rescue operations too.
All we had was the craft.
But when I went in
there, it was a strange--
and I can't even
describe the odor.
But there was also the situation
where it's not like there was
this heat-like ionized--
the smell of ionized air,
it's best way I can put it.
You know it wasn't like the
electrical device burning
or anything like that, but
it was like it was ionized.
>> EMERY: That makes
complete sense,
because they need that in that
device the propulsion unit is
based off making ions around
the craft and inside the craft.
>> CLIFFORD: And this is the
first time I was ever asked
that, and I never
really thought about it,
but even now sometimes that
smell will come back right
there at my home.
Sometimes two or three
times a week that smell
will come back and haunt me,
and I will reminisce about some
of these events.
Then, I will go and
try to do something
take my mind off of it.
>> EMERY: I know exactly--
I feel like when there's a
lightning storm, and I feel--
I smell that.
Or for some reason--
I know this is going
to sound silly--
when I walk in barns,
that hay smell--
you know what I mean?
It's like an organic smell, I
don't even know what that is.
Could you explain that?
>> CLIFFORD: I
have no knowledge,
but we've experienced
the same thing.
And I find it ironic
out of all the times
I've talked about it no one has
ever asked me that question.
>> EMERY: Maybe
they weren't there.
It's a hard, difficult
thing to explain.
That's why I love talking
to you, because we've
had so many similar experiences
that you could make that up
to me unless you were there.
>> CLIFFORD: And what's really
hard to explain about the side
opening, is that
there's no seams.
I mean, it's just like
it's part of the craft,
and it shouldn't be open
when they're in flight.
Well, it wasn't open.
It's just like it just
slid down and opened there.
There was no seams.
There is no place where
it looked like it'd
go back up in the wall.
But I just walked
up that little ramp.
It was about a 30 degrees slant.
As soon as I got in
there, I saw the wall.
I don't know what laid
behind the other side.
It was all metallic,
silvery gray, highly shiny,
completely sterile, and
I have to stress that.
So many movies have it where
they're all junked out.
No, that's my home.
That's not these craft.
They go ahead and I
looked down to my right,
and it went on around the craft
because the craft was circular.
I looked down to
my left and that's
where I saw all these panels.
And I went on down there,
and the colonel says,
we don't even know
what these are,
but those gauges seem to work.
But we went ahead-- we never
found anything in there.
>> EMERY: There was no
people in there and--
>> CLIFFORD: Well, that's one of
the first things I was supposed
to do, was do you sense any
living intelligence here?
I said, well, I can sense
that there were biofactors--
and I think you can understand
what I'm talking about,
it's hard to explain,
that's still present.
But as far as living
entities, their people
had already come and taken them.
>> EMERY: On a lot
of these missions,
I've met a lot of people
that's similar to you,
not like you have these
extra perceptions skills,
because we don't have sometimes
the right equipment to measure
things so we use people
to measure things.
And when you mentioned to
me about the biofactors,
I just lit up, because
these biofactors when
you get on a craft are energy
signatures of the beings that
may have been there or maybe are
still connected to that craft.
And we pick up on this.
Is that why they
kind of chose you?
>> CLIFFORD: I think that is one
of the reasons, but you know,
our visitors chose me first.
And that goes back from
the time I was a child.
Starting at the age of
four, not understanding it,
the events that was
happening to me.
I came from a very
religious background.
I felt that with these
things happening to me,
that this is all
the Devil's work,
and I was doomed to go to Hell.
Now I know it's part of
an advanced technology,
that it's part of a system
that our visitors use
to understand our cultures and
our societies on this planet
better.
And I guess what
I'm trying to say
is, there's some
psychic residue that's
left behind when they're taken
that you can still pick up on.
So you still pick up
on some of the things,
like here it was they
crashed on a strange planet.
They have no real ideal.
They have a general
ideal, because they
are told that we can be
violent against those things
that we don't understand.
And the initial contacts
they're going to have,
it's going to be with
people who are really
conditioned to believe
in the non-existence
of these entities.
So they're going to
be afraid, and they
are going to use deadly force
without even being told to do
so because of that fear factor.
So you're still
picking up on that.
And it actually
affects you because it
intensifies your fear.
And you're going in so it
handicaps you a little.
>> EMERY: It is.
It's like a magnetic--
you're like a
magnet, and whatever
energy was in that craft
is now you feel this.
in yourself.
You're not thinking it.
It's a feeling.
That overwhelmingness
of sometimes good stuff
and sometimes really
negative, and you have
to really protect yourself.
This psychic residue that is
left behind in these craft
sometimes, is that
because they were taken--
or their people were
taken, or did we take them?
>> CLIFFORD: Well, it
really makes no difference
as to whether we were to take
them or they were rescued.
But the situation is the
attitude of the psychic residue
that's left behind is one of
happiness, and the one of joy,
and you definitely know that it
was their people who took them.
It's not the sadness, the fear.
And a lot of times the--
and I don't know how
to put this to where
it's going to be understood,
but if some of them are dead,
there's still that situation.
They know they're going
someplace that they're--
everything has a soul
and it's going somewhere.
And when I say a soul, I
don't want it to be religious.
I don't want religion to have
anything to do with this.
So I'm going to say there
is what we have is a shell.
When we die there is this
life force that is everything
we truly are.
It lives on.
The self never dies.
Now this is something
very hard to explain.
It's something that needs
to be further researched,
and people need to
look at it even more.
>> EMERY: Well, out of those 12
recovery missions, or the 12,
I'll just say missions, because
they're different I understand,
which stood out the
most that affected you?
>> CLIFFORD: The very first
one there at Indiantown Gap,
Pennsylvania.
>> EMERY: Can you
explain this one?
>> CLIFFORD: We were on a
field training exercise, FTX,
there in Indiantown Gap.
We came from Fort
Lee, Virginia, which
was where my duty station
was, 36 Civil Affairs.
We went there for the
training exercise.
Right around midnight,
maybe a little after,
my unit commander came
up to me and says,
they selected you because
you are NBC/COMMO.
You're going to be part of what
they're calling the B team.
I knew what he
was talking about.
This was the first time
he ever heard of it,
but you're going to
be part of the B team
to go in support
and A team that's
already there in the recovery
or some type of craft.
And I got out, and
of course, the person
is going to be the leader of
this group came over and says,
OK, here's what we have.
We have an aircraft we believe
to be a Soviet aircraft that
crashed not too far
from here and we're
recovering that craft.
>> EMERY: That's the storyline.
>> CLIFFORD: That right there
was the officially sanctioned
deception story they gave us.
So we're on our way out there.
So we're going and I don't
know how long we drove.
It seemed like for a
half hour, 45 minutes.
Then, we start
seeing these lights
in the area where we're going.
We got closer, we saw
the people moving around.
Then, we saw the craft.
The craft was like
the heel of your shoe,
and it was at about
a 30, 40 degree
slant because it
impacted with the earth
and went into the earth.
>> EMERY: How much
of the craft, Sarge,
was sticking out of the earth?
>> CLIFFORD: I would say
probably a little more than
the third.
And it went in such a
way that we could still
look down and see the craft for
the most part, not only maybe
a fifth or so was actually
buried into the ground,
because it blew all the
other Earth up and around it.
And when I got there,
I was told to go ahead
take my Geiger counter,
move towards the craft,
and start calling all as
I got closer and closer.
So as we got--
as I got closer I'd
get one reading,
and I called back how me
Rincons I was getting.
As I kept going
forward, I'd callback
when it would rise a little.
Then when I got to the
top, I looked down.
I could see that there
was a canopy light
in the center of the craft.
On each side of
the canopy, there
was like a kidney
shaped opening.
And on the side that was
closest to me, which would be it
on the left side
of the craft, there
was this a typical
gray creature.
It was half in, half out.
>> EMERY: How big was this body
of the creature hanging out
of the craft?
>> CLIFFORD: I've always
said about 3, 3 and 1/2.
>> EMERY: Are we talking about
the typical grays that pop
culture talks about?
>> CLIFFORD: That's
what I was seeing.
But I went ahead and I knew
then that I needed an officer up
there.
One, I now knew this
was not a Russian craft
or any other craft
from any nation
on the face of this Earth.
I kept yelling out about
I needed an officer.
When we were talking about
the psychic residue that's
left over, the living residue,
I can still pick up on the fear
that this creature
had, and possibly
even some of the others that
were still on the inside.
I couldn't pick up on
any of them being alive,
but I could pick up
on that the sense
of them having that emotion.
And I don't know
how to describe it,
of them not seeing
their families again,
and not being able to go home.
And that bothered me.
I kept calling back.
Somebody else less
emotional, less sensitive
needed to be up there
as opposed to me.
>> EMERY: Let's get
into the details.
You said it was about 3 feet.
It was like a typical gray.
But did it have--
how many fingers did it have?
Did it have feet?
Did it have ears?
Did it have-- what was
the size of the eyes
if you could see that?
>> CLIFFORD: Well, the head
was laid over like this way,
therefore, I
couldn't really see--
I could see the
shape of the head.
The head was
disproportionate to the body.
One arm was out like this and
the other went out like this.
I could tell it had fingers.
There was no thought of--
no fault within me about
counting the number of fingers.
But I do know it had fingers.
It had hands.
The head was like--
I don't know how to
explain it, but it
looked like it was two or three
times the size of the head
like what we would have on us.
And it was more rounder.
And the gray, it was a much dull
gray, dull gray to almost white
because the fact it was dead.
Also, you could see the mouth--
I'm going to say you
like a slit for a mouth.
But I could swear it had lips.
The eyes-- the eyes were closed.
It had a very small nose,
and you can make out
something that was like an ear.
Once again, when
you're confronted
with something like this,
it's hard to explain.
You're not trying to take notes.
You're not trying to
memorize because that's
very human to be that way.
What I wanted to do--
I was seeing something that
was assaulting my intelligence.
And I could identify on a very
human level the loss they felt.
>> EMERY: Were the arms
and legs in proportion--
>> CLIFFORD: Very thin.
Very thin.
And I got to say again,
because most people--
I hate doing it because you've
heard it 1,000 times over,
it had what looked
like a silver suit on.
And many of our
visitors wear this.
With that silver suit on,
it was like a one piece.
From waist down it was
still inside the aircraft
so I can't tell what
any of that looked like.
I was picking up on the
feelings these entities had.
And if you're in combat,
you'll turn from time to time
and think about your
family, and you'll
think about will my
family know that I wasn't
a coward, that I did
my duty, and I died
showing bravery and courage.
And with them, they
were on a mission here
and they felt the same way.
And it's hard to explain.
It's hard to go ahead and
tell people you're feeling.
And you're feeling
these emotions--
I was feeling the emotions
that these entities had.
That's how I knew there
was more than one.
>> EMERY: So there
was another one?
>> CLIFFORD: There were actually
three on board this craft.
>> EMERY: So what did
the others looked like?
>> CLIFFORD: Oh, all of the
others I didn't get to see
until the next day.
They had this what's
called a lowboy.
It's a 18 Wheeler, but
the bed is flat and maybe
20, 30 foot in length.
They took the craft
out of the impact area,
put it on the back
of the lowboy,
covered it with a
tarpaulin, tied it down,
then they were taking it out.
But they had a gun Jeep front
of this vehicle and a gun Jeep
in back.
And I'm pretty sure after they
got out into an open area,
that those gun Jeeps
turned into staff cars.
But on the way out, they
had .50 caliber machine guns
on the Jeeps.
>> EMERY: How large
was the craft, sarge?
>> CLIFFORD: I'd say
approximately between 25 to 30
feet in diameter.
I didn't get to go
inside the craft,
so I don't know what
it's like on the inside.
But also, they had
these stretchers,
three of the
stretchers, and I could
tell that these were the bodies
they took out of the craft.
They pulled back one, and
when they pulled back one,
I'm looking at it.
The eyes are closed.
Once again, you could
tell by the nose.
The ears, they didn't
perk out like ours did.
They were much closer
in, but you could still
see that there's a protrusion
there for the ears.
On the uniform, it
had a red insignia.
I couldn't make
it out real good,
but it was like a check mark--
a check mark and like a
quarter crescent moon going
on like this underneath of it--
actually going through
the check mark.
>> EMERY: It looks
like a map of sorts.
>> CLIFFORD: It
very well could be,
but it could also be an insignia
of the organization to which
in their world they belong to.
>> EMERY: What do you believe--
that is, or did you ever
get debriefed later on?
>> CLIFFORD: Well, they don't
make a point of debriefing you.
They will go ahead
and make a point
of telling you that this
was a Russian craft that we
recovered.
Then they'll at
some point tell you,
this incident never happened.
We even told our pilots
that would intercept UFOs
and when they came-- they
always got debriefed.
And we told the pilots all
the way back in the 50s,
that if you ever
talk about this,
we can prove you were not there.
>> EMERY: Have you ever seen
a craft from the outside,
and then entered the craft and
it does not match the outside
of the craft?
>> CLIFFORD: Oh, absolutely.
And a good example of that was--
I think it was in Wyoming.
We went there.
We recovered a UFO.
Where in Wyoming I don't know.
I know it was cold.
I know it was a wooded area.
About 30, 35 foot
diameter outside.
We went inside and
were wondering, what
the hey, I mean, it's so huge.
>> EMERY: It's so big.
>> CLIFFORD: And I went ahead
and I told one of the soldiers
there, we had a measuring--
>> EMERY: Yardstick?
>> CLIFFORD: Well, it pulled
out and you measured it.
But I went ahead and I
said, you get over there
and you stand there.
Now remember, we're in
the center of the craft.
There are rooms around it.
I said, you hold onto it there.
Now this is 125 foot.
I mean, I got a little
more in half way
and we ran out of tape.
So when that happened I
said, are you holding that?
No, Sarge, you're at the end.
And I mean here it is
we're at 125 feet, that's
not the whole craft
even on the inside.
Right here is just the
center like maybe a launch
bay or something where they
might launch smaller craft.
So we're wondering, OK,
what's going on here?
So there was
actually a situation
where they could manipulate
space time inside the craft.
I mean you go ahead,
you have a craft
that let's say that's
maybe only a couple inches,
you won't even notice
it on the ground.
Yet, the people are
the same size as us,
because they're manipulating the
dimensional reality as opposed
to what it appears on the
outside on the inside.
Can I explain this?
No.
As I always tell everyone,
I'm not a scientist.
But at the same
time, I too I guess
have the curiosity of a child.
>> EMERY: Of course.
>> CLIFFORD: Initially I enjoyed
what I was doing except when
the bad things happened.
Back then, no one knew what
they were really doing.
>> EMERY: You were the one
that had to figure it out.
>> CLIFFORD: That was it.
They wanted me because they
figured as an interfacer,
and they can't
train this, they got
to find the people
on the outside.
>> EMERY: The Problem
Solvers, they call them.
>> CLIFFORD: They knew who--
they knew I had this
contact from childhood on.
And the first time I
saw that person I always
called Captain Brown,
he was the first contact
I had with the military.
And you know, I felt
really good about that,
because I told my mom and dad
when I saw my first daylight
disk, that was in 1957--
>> EMERY: How old
were you at that time?
>> CLIFFORD: I was about seven.
>> EMERY: And what was
that experience like?
>> CLIFFORD: That
was like an epiphany.
Prior to the time,
I saw that disk
in broad daylight, about 10:00
in the morning, clear blue sky.
And when it went over
from the back the factory
buildings behind my
friend, Mike Eubanks,
house flew directly overhead,
then went over his house.
I mean it was like
I had come to where
I could touch to the very
edge of the universe.
No longer were UFOs
or flying saucers
something I'd see in
science fiction movies,
that I knew was fantasy.
Now I knew they were reality.
I knew the other people
was talking about them.
I now knew that they
had seen something.
I ran home to tell
my mom and dad.
Now I wanted to tell
the world, because I
felt I had an obligation,
even as a kid,
to share this information.
My mom and dad,
much to my surprise,
don't say anything about it.
The only reason I'm talking
now, it's not about me.
It's about the guy,
the girl, the child,
who's going to have an
experience like what I had,
going go through life the way I
went through life experiencing
it throughout their life.
They, when it first happens,
they're on their own.
They go, they talk
to people, all
that happens are laughed at.
They are made an outsider.
They feel alone,
because they don't
know there's other
people out there that
shared the exact or
similar experiences.
And I want them to know there
are other people out there
just like them, and it's
about like a support group
if you wish.
But until we take a stand
and state, you know what?
We're not going to let
this next group of people
be on their own.
We're here.
A generation from now, there
are going to be people like you
and like me, that have
shared the same thing.
And hopefully, many of
them will make the decision
to come out and talk.
And eventually, it's going
to come out in the open
where the world's going to know.
>> EMERY: Well, thank
you for coming forward,
because it's an intense,
emotional thing to do.
And you're a hero in
my book for doing so.
So thank you.
>> CLIFFORD: I'm a scared little
man that feels that he has
a purpose, and a moral
obligation to come out and talk
about this.
>> EMERY: And that's why
we're here, to educate.
Thank you, Sarge.
That was so fascinating.
Thanks for being on the show.
>> CLIFFORD: Thank
you for having me.
>> EMERY: I'm Emery Smith and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure",
until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]